# Fullstack Web Development Part 14: Project

This repository is my showcase project for the University of Helsinki [Fullstack Web Development MOOC](https://fullstackopen.com). The goal of the project is to present the wide array of skills I've learned so far not only in web development, but also for example in container orchestration, ci/cd and systems infrastructure as a whole.

## The App

The app itself is a fairly simple game, where the user tries to guess the correct country based on a flag. It will also include some gamification elements, such as high scores, streaks and levels, to make it more engaging. The app will contain a free version, which is limited in features and content, and a premium version, which unlocks all features and content. Users can upgrade their account to premium by making a payment through a mock payment provider.

There are three main parts of the project: Frontend (React Native), Backend (GraphQL) and Infrastructure (Terraform, Ansible). The app will be deployed in a kubernetes cluster hosted on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). Some cloud services are also used, such as a network load balancer, but most components are built from scratch. Ie. OKE will not be used, but instead k3s will be installed on top of compute instances that are provisioned using Terraform and and configured using Ansible.

## Initial requirements

- The infrastructure is deployed to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) using IaaC (mainly Terraform and Ansible).
- The OCI Landing Zone is hardened and adheres to some Common Internet Security (CIS) Benchmarks.
- The application runs in containers on Kubernetes.
- Kubernetes is installed on hardened Compute VM hosts (OCI free tier) using k3s, a lightweight kubernetes distribution.
- The Kubernetes environment has logging and monitoring tools.
- Automation level is high (testing, CI/CD etc.)
- The frontend is written on React Native so that it can also be compiled into an Android App in a later increment.
- The backend uses GraphQL, which although not necessary, is chosen to showcase the course technologies.
- Instead of javascript, the project will use typescript as a baseline.
- A relational database will be used, but is not in focus
- The architecture of the project is displayed on various levels in mermaid diagrams.
- The app will have user management which requires use of authentication & authorization. Users have two possible access levels: free and premium. Users can upgrade their account using a mock payment provider.

## Use of AI

In this project, I've used the following AI models for dialog and references mainly through VS Code's GitHub Copilot and Gemini extensions. Google Antigravity was also piloted in the context of this project. LLM models that have been used in the project are:

- Gemini 3.1 Pro
- Claude Haiku 4.5

Some parts of the project codebase are over 90% LLM generated. These files will have a comment on the first line, stating which AI model was used to generate the contents. Mostly this is for the infrastructure related files as the modules are often large and complex, which makes it tedious to write and maintain them by hand. All code generated by AI has been thoroughly reviewed, discussed, refactored if needed, and tested.